seven brilliant things you can do with
your smartphone these days we can't
imagine our lives without smartphones
they have replaced so many devices in
our lives that there doesn't seem to be
a limit to this trend when you
accidentally leave one at home or forget
to charge it it seems like the whole
world suddenly changes and becomes way
less interesting and colorful nowadays
smartphones not only have numerous
features of their own but also allow you
to download multiple apps for any
possible situation and purpose you may
not know this but your phone can do more
than you think or even imagine we at
bright side found seven amazing features
and apps to help you overcome some
everyday problems and make your life
much easier did you know that you can
easily control your phone without even
touching it and no it's not some
mind-control thing it's available for
you right here and now and don't miss a
cool bonus tip at the end of the video
[Music]
number seven measure a distance you
never know when you'll need to measure
something and at times it is quite
necessary and essential as it often
happens all of a sudden you feel the
urge to redecorate the house but you
don't have a tape measure at hand or you
want to measure an object's but it seems
like an impossible task because of its
size well now it's not a problem anymore
just download the app called size up
which will let you measure anything you
need quickly and easily this app will
help you deal with any challenge in the
blink of an eye
it's that simple the app also allows you
to save your measurements and use either
metric or imperial units to your
preference number six
test your remote control batteries
[Music]
surprisingly enough yes that's another
thing your phone can easily do this
little feature will help you out when
your remote control is not working right
and you're not sure whether it has to do
with the batteries or not so if you
don't want to rush to the supermarket to
check if your remote control batteries
diet just pull out your smartphone and
start the camera app then take the
remote control point it at the camera
and press any button if you see a red or
pinkish light coming from the tip of the
remote when you look at it through your
phone's display it means the infrared
signal is working properly and the
problem in this case is the batteries
some digital cameras can also see this
signal which can be helpful to number 5
control your phone without touching it
if you're looking for some cool and
interesting ways to control your phone
you should try a gesture control app
which is called
leave control it's available for both
Android and iOS devices in some
situations it can be irreplaceable and
you will probably agree with us after
you try it out while using this app you
can launch music and video players or
its are called with a wave of your hand
without worrying about getting dirt all
over your screen while clinking you're
cleaning keeping your display nice and
neat has never been so easy it will help
you use your phone in a full other way
and explore it on a different level that
you may enjoy a lot more just give it a
shot and you won't regret it
number four drives safely nowadays
people spend a lot of time at the wheel
and your phone can make this daily
experience way more comfortable if
you're driving in the dark and want to
keep your eyes constantly on the road
you can download a certain app called
HUD Way which will come in handy this
app helps you drive more safely
especially when it's raining or snowing
outside it also clears the vision when
there's fob plus it's very easy to use
just put your phone on the dashboard
adjust the brightness settings and you
will get all the information you need
driving speed hit a GPS enabled map on
your windshield
make sure your phone screen is bright
enough for you to see the projection
clearly you can download it either from
the App Store or Google Play
[Music]
number three send text from your PC
did your phone battery died when you
least expected it and you need to get in
touch with your friend or co-worker
with the app called mighty text you
won't miss a thing it syncs your phone
and computer or tablet and gives you the
opportunity to manage SMS and MMS from
your email all messages link to your
phone number will appear on your
computer screen and you can also find
them in your phone's text inbox so
nothing will get lost this app also
allows you to store your photos to your
computer with just a couple of clicks
for those of you who pay close attention
to the visual details
there's also 17 themes of the apps
design you can choose from perfect for
any unexpected situations number 2 make
better decisions we've all been there
you've been looking for at least an hour
for the perfect restaurant for a first
date but you still can't decide between
this Chinese place and that Italian
restaurant you see a beautiful blouse in
the shop you can't decide what color to
get no more hesitation to save your time
and make the decision-making process a
little bit easier name your options set
characteristics and let this app called
decision crafting suggest the best
choice instantly the app makes the final
decision after considering all the pros
and cons of each choice and comparing
them to one another based on different
criteria this kind of thing is always
good for the times of doubt even if you
don't like the final choice you always
realize what results you hoped for in
the back of your mind and usually that
instinct is right unfortunately this app
is not available in the App Store but
there you can find a similar thing
called choice map which will help you
just as much
number one keep yourself safe self
security is one of the top priorities
for any person no matter the age or
gender and your phone can also make you
feel secure if you often come home late
in the evening and feel unsafe on the
streets there's an app called be safe
which may help to calm your nerves and
deal with any potential danger it will
not only send an SOS message to your
emergency contacts but will also record
video and audio track your GPS location
and set a timer that will automatically
send an alarm to friends if you don't
turn it off in time these options will
allow your friends and family to quickly
react in any dangerous situations and
come to your rescue they'll know exactly
where you are what is happening and how
they can help it can even save you from
a bad date or any other unpleasant
situation with a fake call option this
app should be one of the essentials on
any phone so that you'll feel safe and
sound
and now it's time for our bonus
[Music]
it doesn't matter if you need to share a
video from your phone on an important
business meeting or show vacation photos
to your grandma screen mirroring apps
will certainly save the day every app
provides a certain set of features and
settings just install the app which is
appropriate for you and play video music
they present photos right from your
smartphone you can even broadcast your
favorite games in real time no USB cable
is needed just explore all the possible
options and have fun check out the app
for an iOS device called a power mirror
and try out the screen stream mirroring
one for your Android which one of these
features did you like the most which non
existent phones feature - you wish
creators would add in the future tell us
your opinions and leave your ideas in
the comments section below and if you
want to see more videos like this then
hit the like button below the video and
share it with your friends
[Music]
you